Python program to find the 

# maximum of two numbers 

  

  

a = 2

b = 4

  

maximum = max(a, b) 

print(maximum) 

Output:

4

Recommended Posts:

Python | Maximum and Minimum value from two lists

Python - Find the Maximum of Similar Indices in two list of Tuples

Highlight the maximum value in last two columns in Pandas - Python

Python Dictionary | Check if binary representations of two numbers are anagram

Python program to add two numbers

Python Program to swap two numbers without using third variable

Minimum of two numbers in Python

Python Program to find the Quotient and Remainder of two numbers

Find the sum and maximum value of the two column in excel file using Pandas

Python program to check if the list contains three consecutive common numbers in Python

What is the maximum possible value of an integer in Python ?

Python - Maximum product using K elements

Python program maximum of three

Python Regex to extract maximum numeric value from a string

Python | Maximum and minimum element's position in a list

Python | Maximum sum of elements of list in a list of lists

Python map function to find row with maximum number of 1's

Python | Maximum and Minimum in a Set

numpy.maximum() in Python

Python | Pandas series.cummax() to find Cumulative maximum of a series

nikhilaggarwal3

Check out this Author's contributed articles.

If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article using contribute.geeksforgeeks.org or mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.

Please Improve this article if you find anything incorrect by clicking on the "Improve Article" button below.

Article Tags : 

Python

Python list-programs

thumb_up

Be the First to upvote.

 

0

No votes yet.

Improve Article  

Please write to us at contribute@geeksforgeeks.org to report any issue with the above content.

Post navigation

Previous

first_page Matplotlib.artist.Artist.set_animated() in Python

Next

last_pageMinimum of two numbers in Python

Writing code in comment? Please use ide.geeksforgeeks.org, generate link and share the link here.

Load Comments

auto

Most popular in Python

How to get column names in Pandas dataframe

Python program to convert a list to string

Reading and Writing to text files in Python

Python String | replace()

isupper(), islower(), lower(), upper() in Python and their applications

More related articles in Python

Read a file line by line in Python

Print lists in Python (4 Different Ways)

append() and extend() in Python

Python String | split()

Python | Get a list as input from user

GeeksforGeeks

room

5th Floor, A-118,

Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305

email

feedback@geeksforgeeks.org

Company

About Us

Careers

Privacy Policy

Contact Us

Learn

Algorithms

Data Structures

Languages

CS Subjects

Video Tutorials

Practice

Courses

Company-wise

Topic-wise

How to begin?

Contribute

Write an Article

Write Interview Experience

Internships

Videos

@geeksforgeeks , Some rights reserved

We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Cookie Policy & Privacy Policy

Got It !

